I came back from walking the horses that day. Just when I walked to the garden,
I heard the young lady and her fiancé talking.
She asked him to come to the garden in the middle of the night to get gold.
Feelings of greed stirred in my heart at that moment.
He said that he stole a hairpin because he was greedy for gold,
and quietly waited outside the garden for Xuechun.
He clapped his hands three times so that the gate would open,
and he could exchange the hairpin for money without any hindrance .
Mr.Lin,
you must not let my lady’s kindness go to waste.
It's getting late,
please go back.
Flustered, legs trembling,
he fell to the ground and ruined his plan.
Mr. Lin?
Xuechun recognized who it was and shouted loudly.
Ah, it’s you!
Don't shout.
If you shout, I will kill you .
One mistake of his caused her soul to travel to the underworld.
Help! Help! Help!
Just when I managed to hide the knife and the gold,
I saw Lin coming over.
So, he became my scapegoat!